README.md, before:

# LeetCode Repository

This repository contains my solutions to LeetCode problems. I will be updating this repository as I solve more problems.

## Solved Problems

| #    | Title                                                                                     | Solution                                                | Type                  | Difficulty |
| ---- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- | ---------- |
| 1    | [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)                                         | [TypeScript](./src/1-two-sum.ts)                        | Array                 | Easy       |
| 2667 | [Create Hello World Function](https://leetcode.com/problems/create-hello-world-function/) | [TypeScript](./src/2667-create-hello-world-function.ts) | 30 Days of JavaScript | Easy       |
| 2620 | [Counter](https://leetcode.com/problems/counter/)                                         | [TypeScript](./src/2620-counter.ts)                     | 30 Days of JavaScript | Easy       |
| 2704 | [To Be Or Not To Be](https://leetcode.com/problems/to-be-or-not-to-be/)                   | [TypeScript](./src/2704-to-be-or-not-to-be.ts)          | 30 Days of JavaScript | Easy       |
| 2665 | [Counter II](https://leetcode.com/problems/counter-ii/)                                   | [TypeScript](./src/2665-counter-2.ts)                   | 30 Days of JavaScript | Easy       |

Commit message:

Add Deno to be able to run TS-files

README.md, after:

# LeetCode Repository

This repository contains my solutions to LeetCode problems. I will be updating this repository as I solve more problems. As of now, solutions are only in TypeScript.

<br>

## Solved Problems

| #    | Title                                                                                     | Solution                                                | Type                  | Difficulty |
| ---- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- | ---------- |
| 1    | [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)                                         | [TypeScript](./src/1-two-sum.ts)                        | Array                 | Easy       |
| 2667 | [Create Hello World Function](https://leetcode.com/problems/create-hello-world-function/) | [TypeScript](./src/2667-create-hello-world-function.ts) | 30 Days of JavaScript | Easy       |
| 2620 | [Counter](https://leetcode.com/problems/counter/)                                         | [TypeScript](./src/2620-counter.ts)                     | 30 Days of JavaScript | Easy       |
| 2704 | [To Be Or Not To Be](https://leetcode.com/problems/to-be-or-not-to-be/)                   | [TypeScript](./src/2704-to-be-or-not-to-be.ts)          | 30 Days of JavaScript | Easy       |
| 2665 | [Counter II](https://leetcode.com/problems/counter-ii/)                                   | [TypeScript](./src/2665-counter-2.ts)                   | 30 Days of JavaScript | Easy       |

<br>

## How to run the code

1. Clone the repository
2. Run the desired file in the terminal with `deno src/<file-name>.ts`
3. Some files may not output anything in the terminal. In such cases, you can modify the file to log the output using `console.log()`.

<br>

```bash
#Example
deno src/2620-counter.ts

# Expected output:
# 10
# 11
# 12
```

<br>
